FONTLOG for the Inconsolata fonts

This file provides detailed information on the Inconsolata
Font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Inconsolata Bold fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Raph Levien, the primary designer of the family, wrote:

Inconsolata is my first serious original font release. 
It is a monospace font, designed for printed code listings 
and the like. There are a great many "programmer fonts," 
designed primarily for use on the screen, but in most 
cases do not have the attention to detail for high 
resolution rendering.

Inconsolata draws from many inspirations and sources. 
I was particularly struck by the beauty of Luc(as) de 
Groot's Consolas, which is his monospaced design for 
Microsoft's Vista release. This font, similar to his 
earlier TheSansMono, demonstrated clearly to me that 
monospaced fonts do not have to suck.

First and foremost, Inconsolata is a humanist sans 
design. I strove for the clarity and clean lines of 
Adrian Frutiger's Avenir (the lowercase "a", in 
particular, pays homage to this wonderful design), 
but also looked to Morris Fuller Benton's Franklin 
Gothic family for guidance on some of my favorite 
glyphs, such as lowercase "g" and "S", and, most 
especially, the numerals.

Designing a monospace font poses unique challenges. 
I have carefully studied many other monospaced fonts 
to see how they solve these problems. Many of the 
available monospace fonts are adaptations of existing 
proportionally-spaced fonts, but some, such as Letter 
Gothic, draw strength from being their own designs. 
I hope Inconsolata upholds that tradition.

Some details will be most apparent in print, such as 
the subtle curves in lowercase "t", "v", "w", and "y". 
Inconsolata also borrows "micro-serifs" from some 
Japanese Gothic fonts, which enhance the appearance 
of crispness and legibility.

In December 2011, a Bold style was commissioned from 
Kirill Tkachev of the Cyreal foundry.

Inconsolata is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, 
and could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following 
Unicode ranges: Latin-1

For the Bold style there are two .vfb Source files:

1. Inconsolata Bold-OTF.vfb - Merged contours, corresponding
   to Inconsolata-Bold.otf

2. Inconsolata Bold-TTF.vfb - TTF countours, corresponding
   to Inconsolata-Bold.ttf

ChangeLog

7 December 2011 (Kirill Tkachev) Inconsolata Bold v. 1.000
- Initial release of Bold style of Inconsolata

? Month 20?? (Raph Levien) Inconsolata Regular v. 1.???
- Initial release of Regular style

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and description (D). 
This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Kirill Tkachev
W: http://cyreal.org
E: contact at cyreal.org
D: Designer of Bold style

N: Raph Levien
W: http://www.levien.com/type/myfonts/inconsolata.html
E: firstname.lastname@gmail.com
D: Designer of original Regular style

